Well I will teach you how to make the point
from Malta
that has a bit of difficulty in the
second round but it's a matter of
try it a couple of times and it comes out is not
It is not very difficult what happens is that
instructions are usually very complicated
down here you can see it between two
moss stitch turns that good if
It is made in pearl or in another color
clearer but that is how it is less defined
that if it is done between two rounds of
smooth but good point I show you both
so you will see them
the first round that is made by the
right side is very easy is
simply work the entire round
of the right this is my shore point and
this is my second shore point
and now let's work the rest
casting the thread twice are points
of the right but with two strands
and there are some instructions
that instead of throwing two strands is in
the first strand and then make the point
normal
evra and normal point I like more and
I find it more comfortable to throw
two strands but it's a matter of taste and
nothing will do and it simply repeats itself
the end of the turn and then now you
I teach how to do it on the reverse
in the backhand turn is where
really going to work the point of
give it shape you have to remember to do
the first two points with which
you have from the reverse side
and now it is carried to the back thread
because we are going to work from the right
It is taken three to three
take the first point and undo those
two strands that we have thrown
points and three points
now with the left needle are taken
the three together
and they move
and with the right they take the three
together again to do those of the
straight
and we are going to work three points here the
first of the right they are not changed from
needles is given a small pull with the
right needle to give you a little bit of
slack
the open is brought forward
and again a point of the right
and there you see
1 2 and 3 points that we have taken from those
3 points we have made and now
it simply repeats until the end
it falls apart
2 rids
and 3 undoes with the left like that
and as they are you do not have to change anything
move to the left needle
with the right they are taken together
a point of the right is made
I have stayed there
they are taken together it is made from the right it
it gives a little slack
the strand is brought forward
it does
again the three together of the right
of line so they are released and again
one
two
and here we have reached one of those
points that I made before throwing the thread
the strand is taken and released
and you will see later that it is exactly
just one way or the other
needle
they take the three together
the point of the right a little bit of
slack
the strand forward
and here you have to hold it like everyone else
better can because sometimes they run away and
it is done again
how it escapes me
a point
right they are released
and again you have to let go of this one of the
that they had strand forward you have to drop
the point and the strand
here the same the point of the strand and
stars of which we have done with two
threads
they change their needle
the first point of the right a little bit
of slack the strand forward
and again
point of the right and they let go and here already
we have reached the last 1
two
they change their needle
they take the three together
point of the right
I have taken a thread that I do not
corresponds
of the right
ebro forward
right point and they let go and now
as it is the backhand turn we bring the
of grace in front to make the points
from shore
Reverse
and it is already
why
you can see
as it comes out now it is very tight
because all three are the points
grouped in threes but doing
the next turn of the right and the
next upside down I know
are equal and left point and as
it has to stay and that 's it